# ioBots

iob.fi DAO managed hedged pools are powered by ioBots.

### What is ioBots?

ioBots is a trading system. It is a collection of trading tools developed by IOB LLC in-house and is continuously being improved by the core development team at iob.fi DAO. Besides generating Buy or Sell signals, ioBots trading system tries to address trading as a system of interoperable components consisting of the price feeds, trading strategy interpretation, decision engine, risk control engine, order engine based on smart contract interactions with other DeFi platforms, and the ongoing risk monitoring. &#x20;

In its simplest form, the ioBots can be expressed as:&#x20;

$$
ioBots=\frac{DecisionAlgos+SmartContractOrderEngine}{RiskControlAlgos}
$$

### What is a trading system?

A buying or selling signal is not a trading system. A strategy is not a trading system either. A well designed working trading system needs to have the following components:&#x20;

1. Clearly set objectives: All trading starts with a clear objective that will not change during the entire trading process;
2. Mechanism that seeks the consistency: The key to consistency is to keep what we have earned;
3. Market Types determination: ioBots identifies which of the 5 Market Types -- Very Bullish, Bullish, Choppy, Bearish, or Very Bearish -- is underway every day for each market we are trading through a proprietary algorithm;
4. Different strategies for different Market Types: There is no one single "best strategy." Each very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish, or very bearish market type calls for a different trading strategy for that market on that trading day;
5. Pre-determined risk level: Knowing how much to lose before every order entry.

### What is the most important thing in investing and trading success?

Consistency is the #1 secret to be a winning trader, but most traders fail to achieve it. Long-term views always win in trading. Most failed traders inadvertently treating trading as an adventure, rather than a profit-making business, therefore fail to achieve consistency.

### What is the best trading strategy?

A successful trader would start with a clear trading objective first. All methods of wealth growth start with a clear objective and a detailed action plan. Simply wanting to "make lots of money" is neither. Same as running a successful business, trading strategies and setups are only meaningful after a clearly defined objective is formulated.

### Why am I not achieving trading consistency?

The key to consistency is to keep what you have earned, and the key to that is to clearly define your Expected Max Drawdown _BEFORE_ entering any trade.

### **How to choose the best strategy?**

For any trading strategy to work well, you first must identify what the Market Type is at the moment.

### What are the iob Market Types?

iob.fi identifies which of the 5 Market Types -- Very Bullish, Bullish, Choppy, Bearish, or Very Bearish -- is underway every day for each market we are trading through a proprietary algorithm.

### Why is market-type awareness important?

Trading methods and strategies are not one-size-fits-all. A certain strategy may work well in the bullish market but loses badly in a bearish market. It is essential to have the right strategies for the corresponding market type.

### Again, what is the best trading strategy?

There is no one single "best strategy." Each very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish, or very bearish market type calls for a different trading strategy for that market on that trading day.

### What are ioBots [trading signals](https://iobots.pro/signals)?

Trading Signals are buying and selling trading signals generated by ioBots developed by IOB LLC, which is being transferred iob.fi DAO. Currently, ioBots is covering 20 markets, including BTC, ETH, ADA, XTZ, Gold, MSFT, and TSLA, among others. These are the same trading signals Quasar Fund uses for all trading decisions. The Signals started for 6 trading pairs in July 2019. 14 more markets were subsequently added. The best historical total return is BCH with a 601.57% profit. The worst is XTZ with a loss of 11.46%. You can find detailed Signal performance history [here](https://iobots.pro/signal/history/BTCUSD).

###
